ZJLT Distributed Factoring Network
===================================

## :: Background

In the traditional supply chain finance, the centralized management mode often makes enterprises face the problems of high cost, low efficiency in evidence chain and monopoly by centralized institutions. As there is no overall commercial credit evaluation system and credit rating mechanism In every country in the world, enterprises cannot demonstrate their credit worthiness, hence making it difficult to carry out self-compensated trade financing. The financial needs of enterprises can be met only through the traditional pledge or supply chain financing model, which is a great obstacle for social progress and the rational allocation of social resources. The root causes of the industry pain points, i.e. difficulty in obtaining financing are because the enterprise credit cannot be self-certified, cannot accumulate, and cannot be rated. 
The traditional financing model is version 1.0, relying on pledge of tangible assets to support enterprise credit. In the background of inclusive finance, supply chain finance will enter the era of version 2.0. Through financial system innovation, including institutional innovation, institutional innovation and product innovation, inclusive finance allows enterprises more financing opportunities. However, from the perspective of credit, inclusive finance still does not solve the problem of enterprise credit accumulation and self-certification, corporate financing still has greater difficulties. Solving the problem of enterprise credit has become the inevitable direction of the reform of supply chain finance, and even the whole financial industry

## :: Block chain

Since Nakamoto put forward the concept of Bitcoin block chain in 2009, block chain technology has developed rapidly in the form of encrypted digital assets. However, the blockchain is not only a kind of digital assets innovation, but also a technological innovation. The concepts of decentralization, disintermediation and distrust behind it reveals the possibility of building a new social development model. From technology geeks to enterprises and governments, more and more organizations are conducting research and application attempts on blockchain technology. The combination of distrust and disintermediation with the existing industry will collide with the bright sparks, which provides the possibility for the promotion of industrial efficiency and the change of production mode.

## :: Vision

The goal of the Foundation is to innovatively apply blockchain technology to build a self-evolving system for credit evaluation, using multi-dimensional and multi-level enterprise information, as well as objective evaluation of enterprise credit ratings and index, thereby realising a transparent and reliable enterprise credit system and to expand the credit value of enterprises. Through the accumulation of the enterprise individual credit value, we can together construct the bigger commercial prestige in the entire society. The ZJLT Platform will take the core enterprise's accounts receivable factoring business as the breakthrough point to realize the enterprise credit value exchange circulation between different industries and different domains and to activate vigorous development of the entire ecosystem.

